Question: Which country has won the most World Cups?
Question: What does FIFA stand for in English?
Question: Simone Biles is famous for her skill in what sport?
Question: What was the first name of Argentinian soccer star Maradona?
Question: What is the national sport of Japan?
Question: In what city is the NFL Hall of Fame located?
Question: Where does the Tour de France finish each year?
Question: What do you call it when a bowler makes three strikes in a row?
Question: What height is a regulation NBA basket?
Question: What sporting event has a strict dress code of all white?
Hard
Question: Who was the world’s highest-paid athlete in 2023?
Question: What is a group of crows called?
Question: What is the only mammal capable of true flight?
Question: What is the term for the study of birds?
Medium
Question: What is the world's fastest bird?
Question: How many hearts does an octopus have?
Question: What is a group of pandas known as?
Question: What animal has the longest tongue?
Hard
Question: What is the loudest animal on Earth?
Question: What animal has the largest brain relative to body size?
Question: What animal had the most powerful bite in the world?
Question: What animal has the longest lifespan?
Question: Where is Disney's European theme park located?
Question: "I'll Make a Man Out of You" is a song from which movie?
Question: Who was the first Disney princess?
Question: What color are Mickey Mouse's shoes?
Question: Scuttle stars in which movie?
Question: What year was Cinderella released?
Medium
Question: Which Disney movie has had the most sequels?
Question: Mickey Mouse was originally named what?
Hard
Question: What character have both Glen Close and Emma Stone played?
Question: How many Academy Awards for Best Original Song has Disney won?
Question: Which movie features the line “May the Force be with you”?
Question: Which animated film features a lion cub named Simba?
Question: Who plays Captain Jack Sparrow in the Pirates of the Caribbean series?
Question: Which film series centers on a college of magic and a boy wizard?
Question: Which actress stars as Elle Woods in Legally Blonde?
Question: Which film follows toys that come to life when humans aren’t around?
Question: Which superhero is also known as the “Friendly Neighborhood” hero of Queens, New York?
Question: Which 1994 film features a box of chocolates and the line “Life is like…”?
Medium
Question: Which director made Jaws and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial?
Question: Which 2014 film stars Keanu Reeves as a retired hitman out for revenge?
Question: Which movie won Best Picture at the 2025 Academy Awards?
Question: Who directed The Dark Knight (2008)?
Question: Which film features the song “My Heart Will Go On”?
Question: Which Marvel film first assembled the original six Avengers on screen?
Question: In which movie does a fedora-wearing archaeologist hunt ancient artifacts?
Question: Which 2017 horror film features a ritual called “the Sunken Place”?
Hard
Question: Which film was the first to win the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature?
Question: Which Japanese animator founded Studio Ghibli with Isao Takahata?
Question: Which silent-era film features the “Odessa Steps” sequence?
Question: Which 1982 sci-fi film was initially a box office disappointment but later became a cult classic and had a 2017 sequel?
Question: Which 1959 Hitchcock film features a crop-duster chase?
Question: Which Italian film won the Best Foreign Language Film Oscar and features a father and son in a concentration camp?
Question: Which 1995 crime drama is known for the line “What’s in the box?”
Question: Which director is known for the “Spaghetti Western” Dollars Trilogy?



Question: Which sitcom is set in New York and centers on six friends?
Question: Which sci-fi series features a police box called the TARDIS?
Question: Which mockumentary series is set at Dunder Mifflin Paper Company?
Question: Which series follows a high school chemistry teacher turned meth manufacturer?
Question: Which show features the character Daenerys Targaryen?
Question: Which animated series stars a yellow family living in Springfield?
Question: Which show features a child with telekinetic powers named Eleven?
Question: Which competition series crowns a new “Top Chef”?
Medium
Question: Which drama is set at Sterling Cooper advertising agency in the 1960s?
Question: Which fantasy series follows Geralt of Rivia?
Question: Which crime series centers on the Baltimore drug trade and journalist circles?
Question: Which series about a chess prodigy stars Anya Taylor-Joy?
Question: Which series follows the Roy family’s media empire?
Question: Which anthology series explores near-future technology nightmares?
Question: Which sitcom features the character Ron Swanson?
Question: Which period series follows the lives of the Crawley family and their servants?
Hard
Question: Which HBO miniseries dramatizes the 1986 nuclear disaster in Ukraine?
Question: Which 1990s series popularized the line “No soup for you!”
Question: Which show created by Vince Gilligan is a prequel to Breaking Bad?
Question: Which 2004 ABC series begins with a plane crash on a mysterious island?
Question: Which Danish-Swedish noir series features detectives Saga Norén and Martin Rohde?
Question: Which series features a Baltimore stick-up man named Omar Little?
Question: Which anthology series created by Rod Serling premiered in 1959?
Question: Which 1999 mafia drama follows Tony Soprano?